Create an analogy for the relationship between a model, view and a controller?

Name all 4 types of http method names and which CRUD letters match with those method names.
get-read post-create delete-delete update-patch/put
Why do we use database migrations? What problem does it solve? we dont need to delete the database for changes.. helps you make changes to databases with ruby code.. syncing with multiple people

Which framework would you use to create a webapp that publically displays images of beautiful landscapes?

What is the name of an ActiveRecord class that represents a database table?

What terminal shell application would I use to test out a new language feature in ruby?
irb
ruby is to server side what javascript is to the ______ side.
If you knew I wanted to search through a large list very efficiently, which of the algorithms we've learned in class would you use? What if the list was unsorted? Sorted
What http method would I use in sinatra to define a route where I am updating a post?
If you had to represent the relationship between several people standing on line for food at Jubilee, what data structure that we've learned in class would you use?
queue..
What is the difference between a micro and full stack framework? When would you use one over the other? Be brief.

A session works by storing a cookies______ on your computer?
Templates are a powerful feature of sinatra because they allow us to do what? share the layout of a page.
Extras:
Reflect on your time so far in this course. If you had to name your proudest moment so far, what would it be?

How are you feeling today? :-D